Using first solidity version as default (#17)
Certora/certora-run-action: README.md

### Inputs

- `configurations` - List of configuration files to run.

> - `solc-versions` - List of Solidity versions to download. The first version in the list will be used as the default version (solc binary).

Reviewer: I wonder if this is too succinct.  Maybe something like 
```suggestion
- `solc-versions` - List of Solidity versions to download. The first version in the list will also be available as `solc` in the environment.
```
